Explore: Add documentation around transformations in the explore editor (#78082)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/correlations/use-variables-and-transformations/index.md

  products:
    - enterprise
    - oss

> title: 'Example: Use variables and transformations in a correlation'

Reviewer: I don't think this change should be made as it changes the information architecture of the section.

I believe this is a "task topic" and should conform to the advice in https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/structure/topic-types/task/

```suggestion
title: Use variables and transformations in a correlation
```
